
=head1 NAME

flickrBackup - Download your photos from C<flickr.com>

=head1 SYNOPSIS

flickrBackup --path <output_path> [ --name <collection/set name>] 
    [--clean] [--size <size>] [-h]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Batch image dowloader for the L<Flickr.com> service.

L<flickrBackup> makes easy to perform backups of sets and 
collections from Flickr.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item --path

The C<--path> option indicates L<flickrBackup> where to store the
backup. This argument is mandatory.

=item --name

The C<--name> option asks L<flickrBackup> to do a partial backup of a 
particular collection or set. If a collection and a set share the same
name, the collection is dowloaded.

=item --size

The C<--size> option tells L<flickrBackup> which size of the photos is
preferred for the backup. Options are:
  url_sq  - Square size
  url_t   - Thumbnail size
  url_s   - Small size
  url_m   - Medium size
  url_o   - Original size

=item --clean

The C<--clean> flag indicates L<flickrBackup> to erase the output
path passed by the C<--path> option. If this flag is not activated,
a backup can be resumed.

Warn: Just be careful. "Resume" means that the program is not downloading
a file if it's already present e.g. no checks are made to consider if the
size of the file present locally is the requested one.

=item -h

The C<-h> flag prints the help

=back

=head1 CONFIGURATION

A configuration file to store the application token is created the
first time the application is executed. 

  ~/.FlickrBackup

=head1 BUGS

Error handling could be better.

Resume or incremental download can be considerably improved

=head1 AUTHOR

Eduardo Ballesteros, L<eebr@cpan.org>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<flickr.com>

L<Flickr::Upload>

L<Net::Flickr::Backup>

L<http://flickr.com/services/api/>

L<http://www.flickr.com/help/filters/>

=cut

